Zhang Qiang didn't borrow it.
Then I'll pay first.
This kid
Hello, Chen Xu?
Zhang Qiang, I don't know.
After I broke up with him
I never spoke to him again.
Oops, it's a little monster
I already advised you
This kind of person should be let go
Hey
Zhang Qiang, I finally know Xu Tao
Why don't you want to accept me?
Just because of you
Every time Xu Tao sees you now
Remind me of me
Hurt him with you
Then I will never be able to crush other women
Huh
Chen Xu, I used to
I used to love you so much
So good to you
You can't
Zhang Qiang is because you always say you love me
Xu Tao doesn't want to be with me
I'll tell you what.
If you can't speak
Shut up, tough enough
Who are you and why are you here?
You're awake
Xu Tao, I can't be with you
Women's heart underwater needle
I'm going to use a mind reader to hear what you're thinking
I want to be with you.
But now I'm being splashed with dirty water by Zhao Zixuan
You are with me
Doesn't that implement it?
Since you care so much about public opinion
Then I'll solve it. No.
I mean, I
Let me be your boyfriend
I swear I won't let anyone bully you again
You don't talk to me when you promise.
Task of the day
Finding a girlfriend is rewarding
How could I forget this one day?
What's the matter, it's alright
Have a good rest